.TH MindForger 1
.SH NAME
\fBmindforger\fR \-  easily view, navigate and manage your knowledge and/or Markdown files.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mindforger [options] [<directory>|<file>]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B MindForger
is a personal thinking notebook and Markdown IDE.

MindForger is definitive human mind inspired
.B knowledge management tool
which aims to connect the tradition of outline editors with emerging technologies. Its mission is to help you in organization of your knowledge and associated local, web and real world resources in a way that enables quick navigation, concise representation, automatic interconnections, associative completion and inferencing.

MindForger can be also used as
.B Markdown IDE/editor
as it uses Markdown shorthand.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 
\fB-r --theme <theme>\fR
Use specified GUI <theme> like light, dark or black.
.TP 
\fB-c --config-path <config-file-path>\fR
Load configuration from the given file <config-file-path>.
.TP
\fB-h --help\fR
Show help
.TP 
\fB-v --version\fR
Show version information

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
\fBMindForger\fR defines the following environment variables:
.TP
\fBMINDFORGER_REPOSITORY\fR
	If no repository is found in the default directory, then it's loaded from directory specified by this environment variable. This environment variable is overriden by directory/file specified as program argument.

.SH FILES AND DIRECTORIES
.TP
\fB~/.mindforger.md\fR
MindForger configuration file.
.TP
\fB~/mindforger-repository\fR 
Directory where MindForger expects to find a default repository.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
\fBmindforger --theme dark\fR
Open configured/default knowledge repository and use `dark` UI theme.
.TP
\fBmindforger ./ideas.md\fR
Open `ideas.md` Markdown formatted file.
.TP
\fBmindforger --theme light ./a-github-project-directory\fR
Find all Markdown formatted files in `a-github-project-directory` to search/browse/edit and use `light` UI theme.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Martin Dvorak <martin.dvorak@mindforger.com>
.SH BUGS
Report bugs to https://github.com/dvorka/mindforger/issues

